functions(api): add api information (#1508)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/functions/how-to/package-function-dependencies-in-zip.mdx

8. Configure your function.
9. Click **Create function** to finish.

> ## How to upload your zip file by using the Scaleway API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to upload your zip file using the Scaleway API
```

<Message type="note">
  These steps only apply if you use a [Scaleway runtime](/serverless/functions/reference-content/functions-runtimes-configuration/). 
</Message>

In this section, you will upload your code to a S3 bucket, which we will package and build into a container image. The created container image will then be available in a registry namespace associated to your functions namespace.

> 1. Set a environment variable for to name the ZIP file automatically. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set an environment variable to name the ZIP file automatically. 
```

  ```bash
  export FUNCTION_ARCHIVE="function-$SCW_FUNCTION_ID.zip"
  ```

2. Create a zip archive with your code:
  ```bash
  zip $FUNCTION_ARCHIVE handler.js
  ```

  <Message type="note">

>     If you wish to use external dependencies, you will have to package them inside the zip archive as well**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you wish to use external dependencies, you will have to package them inside the zip archive as well:
```

    ```bash
    zip -r $FUNCTION_ARCHIVE package.json handler.js node_modules
    ```
  </Message>

3. Get the size of your archive in bytes, in order to ask for a presigned URL to upload your source code:
  ```bash
  ls -lh
  -rw-r--r--  1 user  group   675 Apr 18 15:42 $FUNCTION_ARCHIVE

  export ARCHIVE_SIZE=675
  ```

4. Get the presigned URL from the API.
  ```bash
  curl -X GET -H "X-Auth-Token: $SCW_ACCESS_KEY" "https://api.scaleway.com/functions/v1beta1/regions/$SCW_DEFAULT_REGION/functions/$SCW_FUNCTION_ID/upload-url?content_length=$ARCHIVE_SIZE"

  ## Example of response from our API
  {"url":"https://s3.fr-par.scw.cloud/scw-database-srvless-prod/uploads/function-b0525a73-947d-4ba4-92de-17f267a7ec5a.zip?X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256\u0026X-Amz-Credential=SCW6Z6VKJVG81FQZVB14%2F20190627%2Ffr-par%2Fs3%2Faws4_request\u0026X-Amz-Date=20190627T092839Z\u0026X-Amz-Expires=3600\u0026X-Amz-SignedHeaders=content-length%3Bcontent-type%3Bhost\u0026X-Amz-Signature=e9f3e22f39638dac047f0f4e9ab521c7971cacb01f61f523cb948baa328a0eff","headers":{"content-length":["347"],"content-type":["application/octet-stream"]}}
  ```

  <Message type="important">

>     As you can see, the URL is not properly formatted (\u0026...), in order to use it properly to upload your code, you must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As you can see, the URL is not properly formatted (\u0026...). To use it properly to upload your code, you must
```

    copy the full URL with quotes (otherwise your terminal might add unwanted \ in the url string):

    ```bash
    export FUNCTION_ARCHIVE_URL=$(echo -n "<your-url>")
    ```
  </Message>

  <Message type="note">
    You will get an error in the following step if you do not Copy the url with wrapping quotes and save inside a variable using echo -n to replace \u0026 expressions
  </Message>

>   If you use postman, you can usually export the presigned url as it is, as long as you copy/paste the quotes too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you use Postman, you can usually export the presigned URL as it is, as long as you also copy/paste the quotes.
```

> 5. Run the following code and upload your code to the presigned URL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Run the following code to upload your code to the presigned URL:
```
